= auto_focusable_forms

* http://github.com/dcadenas/auto_focusable_forms

== DESCRIPTION:

Install this plugin to automatically give focus to your forms.

== SYNOPSIS:

If you have this two forms in your view...

  form_for @user do |f|
    f.text_field :name
    f.text_field :surname
    fields_for @post do |g|
      g.text_field :title
      g.text_area :content
    end
  end

  form_for @post do |f|
    f.text_field :title
  end

...you'll see that the name field will have focus. Disabled and readonly fields are ignored.
and have focus.

If you want to disable this behaviour just add :autofocus => false and the form will have the original Rails behaviour. So if for example you want to give focus to the second form in your view you'd just disable autofocus in the first form:

  form_for @user, :autofocus => false do |f|
    f.text_field :name
    f.text_field :surname
  end
  
  form_for @post do |f|
    f.text_field :title
    f.text_field :content
  end

And now the focus will be in the title field.

See the specs for more examples

== INSTALL:

    $ sudo ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/dcadenas/auto_focusable_forms.git

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Daniel Cadenas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
